reports/m1_proposal.md, before:


## Section 4: App sketch & brief description

The World Happiness Tracker App allows users to explore the Happiness Score of different countries. At the top of the page, the dashboard presents some global key numbers to the user. These numbers aim to give a user some reference points for the interpretation of further information. Below the key numbers block, the app presents the center piece of the app which is the world map that encodes the happiness score for each country with the help of a color scale. The default of the world map is to show the happiness scores for all countries for the most recent year. As the user chooses specific countries as Country A and Country B, as well as a particular year, the map greys out all the countries not selected by the user and only highlights the colors of the selected countries. The block below the map consists of three parts that allow more insights into the happiness of the selected countries. The ranking displays the rank of each of the selected countries out of all the countries. The line plot visualizes the happiness over time of the two countries A and B over the years and highlights the year selected. Finally, the bar chart breaks down the happiness score into its components and shows how much individual components contributed to the overall score.

![sketch](../img/sketch.png)

Commit message:

added the Motivation and Data Description to m1 file (#20)
Closes #3.
Closes #4.

reports/m1_proposal.md, after:

## Section 1: Motivation and Purpose
Our Role: Developer of Teaching Tools   

Target Audience: Educational Dashboard for Students  

Exploring various methods to learn about happiness in the world is commonplace within educational contexts, encompassing fields such as psychology, sociology, and economics. We inhabit a world where comprehending and comparing global happiness is increasingly significant. With the expanding divide between technology and conventional education, this dashboard seeks to bridge that gap by integrating technological tools into educational settings, thereby enhancing students understanding of happiness around the globe.  

The ability to visually interact with this dashboard enables students to see different regions and countries happiness scores, as well as the factors contributing to these specific scores, through a variety of filters. Students will also gain an understanding of how a country or region's happiness scores compare to global averages and how these scores have evolved over recent years  

## Section 2: Description of Data  
For our visualization, we will use data spanning from 2015 to 2019, comprising approximately 156 rows (countries) for each year. This brings the total to 782 rows. The dataset includes various columns that indicate a country's happiness ranking and score, as well as the factors contributing to this score. The included columns are:

1. Country: String values that will appear five times, once for each year. 

3. Happiness Ranking: Integer values ranging from 1 to 156, representing the country’s happiness ranking globally. Each ranking will appear five times, as the same ranking can be assigned to different years.  

4. Happiness Score: Continuous values that typically range between 7.8 and 2.8, with higher scores indicating greater happiness according to the data.  

5. The following columns: GDP per capita, Family, Life Expectancy, Freedom, Generosity, and Trust (Government Corruption), are continuous variables. They detail the extent to which these factors contribute to a country's happiness score. These variables can be interpreted as coefficients and will range between 0 and 2.  
  
Utilizing this data, we will create certain columns such as a year column and a reverse-engineered version of the following variables: GDP per capita, Family, Life Expectancy, Freedom, Generosity, and Trust (Government Corruption), to provide additional, more interpretable data points. This will aid in better understanding the impact of various factors on a country's Happiness Score.

## Section 4: App sketch & brief description

The World Happiness Tracker App allows users to explore the Happiness Score of different countries. At the top of the page, the dashboard presents some global key numbers to the user. These numbers aim to give a user some reference points for the interpretation of further information. Below the key numbers block, the app presents the center piece of the app which is the world map that encodes the happiness score for each country with the help of a color scale. The default of the world map is to show the happiness scores for all countries for the most recent year. As the user chooses specific countries as Country A and Country B, as well as a particular year, the map greys out all the countries not selected by the user and only highlights the colors of the selected countries. The block below the map consists of three parts that allow more insights into the happiness of the selected countries. The ranking displays the rank of each of the selected countries out of all the countries. The line plot visualizes the happiness over time of the two countries A and B over the years and highlights the year selected. Finally, the bar chart breaks down the happiness score into its components and shows how much individual components contributed to the overall score.

![sketch](../img/sketch.png)
