reports/m4-reflection.md, before:

# World Happiness Tracker App Dashboard Reflection (Milestone 4)

Dashboard vs. Original Sketch

When comparing the original sketch to the current dashboard, you'll notice a few key differences. The most notable is that the dashboard now has clearly defined colors, unlike the sketch. We decided to add color to make it aesthetically more pleasing overall.

The title has been shifted to the left side, and we've included buttons: an "About" button to provide an informative overview of the dashboard, and a "GitHub" button that links to our GitHub page. This makes the title more interactive.

The filters remain the same, with two country filters and a slider filter for the years. The next two visuals are split between the world map and the world ranking, as opposed to having a large world map with the ranking at the bottom. We made this change because the world map didn't significantly impact our filters, so we wanted to better display their use by spreading out the visuals. The bottom visuals remain the same, showing happiness over time and the factors contributing to happiness.

Advantages:
It captures the essence of being easy to use for high school students. The visuals and filters are very intuitive, and the changes are automatic. For educational purposes, this provides a tool that can be used to gain a good understanding of world happiness.

Limitations:
We cannot filter many countries (more than two) because this would be computationally expensive, so we do not implement this feature. The map is rather limited, so unless you have a good understanding of geography, the country filters are not too obvious. Having a better visual that includes geography without needing prior knowledge would be an improvement.

Possible Additions:
Instead of merging five datasets from different years, we could use the year filter to access these datasets individually, making the dashboard more accurate. We can add an additional filter for countries to provide even more options. However, I would not recommend adding more than three filters as this could become visually confusing. We could include an option to keep a global average in the filter, allowing for easier comparisons between countries and the global average.

Commit message:

Revisions and additions to m4-reflection.md

reports/m4-reflection.md, after:

# World Happiness Tracker App Dashboard Reflection (Milestone 4)

## Changes for Milestone 4
Since Milestone 3, we have focused on two main areas: performance improvement and enhanced user experience. In terms of the performance, the dashboard no longer reads five separate csv files and no longer performs data preprocessing. Instead, the data preprocessing component was split into a separate script, which outputs a binary parquet file which is then loaded as the input for the dashboard. In addition, we used in-memory `lru_cache` to reduce the number of unnecessary repetitive calculations.

To improve user experience, the color of the year slide was changed to white for better visibility. Toolbars from Plotly were either simplified or removed for simpler navigation. The table now has a better layout, which displays more countries and highlights selected countries. The map has a new default color for missing values to better distinguish it from countries with low happiness scores. Furthermore, the map now has markers that indicate selected countries. We also added loading spinners for charts being updated. Finally, we implemented a tab icon and tab title.

## Deviations from Initial Idea
Compared the original sketch, our dashboard mostly follows the initial concept. However, the current version has an overall color scheme, a clickable button in the navigation bar for an about section, a link to the GitHub repository and an additional key metric card.

## Advantages
The app captures the essence of being easy to use for high school students. The visuals and filters are very intuitive, and the changes are automatic. For educational purposes, this provides a tool that can be used to gain a good understanding of world happiness.

## Limitations
The user cannot filter many countries (more than two) at the moment since we do not want the plots to be overloaded with information. Also, we removed the countries that are not present in all five years, meaning that potentially useful information could be missing.

## Possible Additions
Instead of merging five datasets from different years, we could use the year filter to access these datasets individually, making the dashboard more accurate. We could implement a mult-select filter for countries that limits the maximum number of countries selected by the user. We could include an option to keep a global average in the plots, allowing for easier comparisons between countries and the global average.

## Course Reflection
We found the one-on-one discussions the professor had with our group to be particularly helpful as we received feedback specific to our project. We had some difficulties in dashboard deployment after breaking the code into separate files, and would have appreciated more resources in this area to support us.
