reports/research_questions.md, before:

## Research Questions and Usage Scenarios
John is a economy student looking to understand the level of happiness of people around the world and factors affecting it. He wants to see what contribute to the happiness level to some of the happiest and unhappiest countries around the world, and also how the happiness levels and rankings change over time.

In our dashboard, John can see a global map indicating the happiness level of each country/region around the world, the latest happiest and unhappiest countries, an aggregated statistics (mean or median) happiness level. John will also have the option to select which year the data is from, or display only the levels of select-few country/region's happiness. Additionally, John can also see how on average each factor contributes a person's happiness level.

Hypothetically, John finds that the economy factor contributes mostly to the happiness level, which likely makes sense considering that ultimately economy is the most major tie with quality of life for people around the world. John can then perhaps probe further into the economic models of the happiest and unhappiest countries in the world and see how they differ.

Commit message:

reformatted the research questions for high school classroom settings. added a .gitignore file

reports/research_questions.md, after:

## Research Questions and Usage Scenarios
Geography and economy classes in high school are mostly preliminary. They do not touch on really sophisticated topics and are only there to build the foundation for any future learning. A simple tool displaying world happiness level can let students understand the distributions of happiness across the world, how some of the happiest and unhappiest countries differ, and also inspect some of the underlying factors that influence these levels.

Our target audiences are members of high school geography/economy classes (teachers and students). Using our tool, they are able to find the happiness level for each country/region across the world over time and compare two against each other in terms of their happiness level, ranking, and how some factors influence their levels such as economy, freedom, trust in government, etc.

Hypothetically, a student finds that the economy factor contributes mostly to the happiness level, which likely makes sense considering that ultimately economy is the most major tie with quality of life for people around the world. They can then perhaps probe further into the economic models of the happiest and unhappiest countries in the world and see how they differ.
